Life is better when you are happy, but Life is best when other people are happy because of you! Be an inspiration, share your smile.
People seem not to see that their opinion of the world is also a confession of their character.
Choose, everyday to forgive yourself. You are human, flawed, and most of all, worthy of love.
If ever there is a tomorrow when were not together, there is something you must always remember. You are braver than you believe, stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think. But the most important thing is, even if we are apart, Ill always be with you.
So many people love you. Dont focus on the people that dont.
Trust someone who will never betray you.
Imagine a life full of joy. You will be there for sure.
When you feel down, remember that you can always go up.
Insecurity wants us to keep track of our failures...Grace doesnt even write them down.
Find your happiness by understanding yourself.
Never get too tired of living your life.
As you grow older, you'll appreciate yourself more. Start doing that now.
Truly appreciate myself
Am already started
The things you take for granted someone else is praying for.
You deserve the love you keep giving to everyone else.
Isnt it funny how day by day nothing changes, but when you look back everything is different...
Even if you feel so down, never surrender. There will always be light at the end of the tunnel.
Everyone might be against you but never be against yourself. Believe that you can do it because you really can.
Make the best out of the little things.
Strive to improve yourself.
Show humility in everything that you do.
Chin up and follow your heart.
Always try to make your day better than yesterday.
Every day is a fresh start.
Be the person you want to have in your life.
Success at anything will always come down to this focus and effort. And we control both.
Stop waiting for the right time. Time isnt waiting for you.
Autumn shows us how beautiful it is to let things go.
She didnt need to be saved. She needed to be found and appreciated for exactly who she was.
If you expect the world to be fair with you bcoz you are fair with them. Its like expecting a lion not to eat you bcoz you dont eat lion.
Today, I will not stress over things I cant control.
Our anxiety does not come from thinking about the future, but from wanting to control it.
Worrying wont stop bad stuff from happening, it just stops you from enjoying the good.
Follow your soul. It knows the way.
Grief is the last act of love we have to give to those we loved. Where these is deep grief, there was great love.
We are what we believe we are.
By the pricking of my thumbs, something wicked this way comes.
Expectation is the root of all heartache.
Today, you'll be the best version of yourself.
Always do the good thing even if the others can't.
Enjoy the feeling of happiness because you deserve it.
I was raised to treat the janitor with the same respect as the CEO.
Sometimes you have to move on not for ego but for self respect...
They call us dreamers but we're the ones who don't sleep..
If its meant for you, you wont have to beg for it. You will never have to sacrifice your dignity for your destiny.
Life is too short to spend it at war with yourself.
Have a positive mindset whenever you face failures.
You are beautiful.
You inspire people to follow their hearts.
The best apology is changed behavior.
You light up the world with your smile.
Talking about our problems is our greatest addiction. Break the habit. Talk about your joys.
Theres come a time when you have to choose between turning the page and closing the book.
We all eat lies when our hearts are hungry.
Be happy in the moment, thats enough. Each moment is all we need, not more.
Live your life without reservations.
Today is a good day.
It is indeed
You dont get the same moment twice in life.
Whenever you feel alone, always remember that there's someone willing to hear your cries.
Whenever you feel alone, always remember that there's someone willing to hear your cries. 
Love is the most precious thing you can give.
The stars will guide you wherever you are. Never lose hope.
There will be someone who appreciates you the most.
Find beauty in little things.
And there will be someone that comes along one day and offers you an entire galaxy when you only expected a single planet.
Positivity will keep your days much brighter.
Keep taking time for yourself until youre you again.
Merry Christmas to all, and to all a good night!
Losers watch it happen. Winners make it happen.
You will never get wrong with a sincere smile.
Keep your inspiration close to you.
Spread the joy that you badly want to receive.
Never let go of whatwho makes you happy.
Be the light in this dark world.
The best thing that you can share is your heart.
Struggles are there to strengthen you.
Understand that there are people who want to bring you down. Prove to yourself that the only way you know is up.
Face  with bravery and positivity.
Make your weaknesses be your strengths.
You don't need the likes to prove your worth.
Show to the world that you can be whatever you want to be.
We do not heal the past by dwelling there. We heal the past by living fully in the present.
Keep in mind that you are a wonderful person.
Fight your insecurities by loving yourself.
As soon as I saw you, I knew a grand adventure was about to happen. Winnie the Pooh
Not every person is going to understand you. They have a right to their opinion and you have every right to ignore it.
Pay attention when people react with anger and hostility to your boundaries. You have found the edge where their respect for you ends.
HAPPINESSqts The stars will guide you wherever you are. Never lose hope
Beautiful things happen when you distance yourself from negativity.
If youre not willing to change, dont expect your life to either.
Lets love ourselves!
Youve got a new story to write and it looks nothing like your past.
Learn to stand up whenever someone put you down.
Understand that your future depends on your actions. Start reaching your dreams now.
No beauty shines brighter than a good heart.
It is only through appreciation that we find meaning in something.
Learn to forgive.
Be confident in presenting your hardwork.
"Yesterday is not ours to recover, but tomorrow is ours to win or lose."
Progress takes time to gain but every step is worth it.
Happiness blooms from within
If you avoid conflict to keep the peace, you start a war within yourself.
"The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched  they must be felt with the heart." 
Everything will be okay.
A fresh start is when you let go of the bad end.
The world is for you to explore.
"Count your age by friends, not years. Count your life by smiles, not tears." 
"Success is getting what you want, happiness is wanting what you get" 
Be known for your kindness and grace.
Dont be eye candy...Be soul food.
You deserve the best.
"All happiness depends on courage and work." 
Its hard to be happy when we spend so much time chasing ghosts.
You make me laugh even when I dont want to smile.
Challenge yourself to do better.
Never settle for the worse.
Some people arrive and make such a beautiful impact on your life, you can barely remember what life was like without them.
Happiness lives inside of the smallest moments.
Just because you failed once, doesn't mean you can never succeed.
Sometimes we expect too much from others, because we would be willing to do that much for them.
Any day spent with you is my favorite day. So, today is my new favorite day.
Take the courage to say "no".
There are hidden blessings in every struggle.
Do your best in everything that you do so that in the end, even if you fail, you will never regret anything.
Ive always loved the idea of not being what people expect me to be.
I tried my VERY BEST for something but I regretted ALL the HARD work I have done for this person.
If we all do one random act of kindness daily, we just might set the world in the right direction.
You imperfections make you beautiful.
One loyal friend is worth ten thousand relatives.
May we never forget freedom isnt free.
A man who wants to lead the orchestra must turn his back on the crowd.
If youre struggling and your people are just sitting there watching you struggle...theyre not your people.
I am too full of life to be half loved.
May your choices reflect your hope, not your fear.
The right people hear you differently.
Never love someone so much that you ignore the truth about them.
Kindness changes everything.
Our days are happier when we give people a piece of our heart instead of a piece of our mind.
Never lose hope is the to success
Stay kind. It makes you beautiful.
You know yourself better than anyone else.
Dont cling to a mistake just because you spent a lot of time making it.
We are too prone to engrave our trials in marble and write our blessings in sand.
Forgiveness does not mean excusing.
Your life isnt yours if you always care what others think.
Be like a tree and let the dead leaves drop.
I love you, and thats the beginning and end of everything.
You might feel tired but always remember that you deserve a break.
A little more kindness...a little less judgment.
I understand this one, but gosh it can be hard.
Never get tired of loving yourself.
Silence is the best answer to someone who doesnt value your words.
Be kind...but with spine.
Stop shrinking to fit places youve outgrown.
You cant pour from an empty cup. Take care of yourself first.
When thinking about life remember this no amount of guilt can change the past, and no amount of anxiety can change the future.
"We accept the love we think we deserve."
The strength of my soul was born on the backs of moments that brought me to my knees.
"Success is getting what you want, happiness is wanting what you get."
If you see someone without a smile, give them one of yours.
Live your best life!
I know that handwriting.
You are perfect.
Be the reason someone believes in the goodness of people.
You did well.
Do not lose hope. Please believe that there are a thousand beautiful things waiting for you. Sunshine comes to all who feel rain.
Rock bottom became the solid foundation on which I rebuilt my life.
My religion is very simple, my religion is kindness.
May you always be the one who sees the light in the little things.
Never stop being a good person because of bad people.
Dont measure your progress using someone elses ruler.
Trust the timing of your life.
Ah, kindness. What a simple way to tell another struggling soul that there is love to be found in this world.
How you walk with the broken is more important than how you sit with the great.
If someone makes you happy, make them happier.
When you focus on the good, the good gets better.
You are stronger than these troubles.
Find people who will make you better.
What if you choose progress over perfection today?
There will always be someone who cant see your worth. Dont let it be you.
There will always be someone who can't see your worth. Don't let it be you.
Choose to be the better person.
Dont let the ugly in others kill the beauty in you.
Life doesnt have to be perfect to be wonderful.
Always bring your own sunshine.
In the end, we only regret the chances we didnt take.
You cant change the ocean or the weather, no matter how hard you try. So, its best to learn to sail in all conditions.
Im learning that being generous is not about developing surplus to give away, but rather about making my own self uncomfortable so that someone else may be comforted.
Remember that today is the tomorrow that you were worrying about yesterday. We can pull this through. Be strong.
SmileGenerator we need more quotes at this moment in time!
Youre always one decision away from a totally different life.
Although the world is full of suffering, it is full also of the overcoming of it.
Thanks you too.
Even the darkest night will end and the sun will rise.
Spend time improving yourself.
Today, I will not stress over things I cannot control.
We rise by lifting others.
"Time you enjoy wasting is not wasted time."
This is the time to do what you've always wanted to do. We got all the time.
Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere.
So True, Try It Goodnight people.
Always take care of your mental health. Pause and meditate.
The world is changed by your example, not by your opinion.
When you cant look on the bright side, I will sit with you in the dark.
Focus on what your goals are. This is not the time to give up on your dreams but the time to reach for them.
Someday youll look back and understand why it all happened the way it did.
"If you want to be happy, do not dwell in the past, do not worry about the future, focus on living fully in the present."
i would like to thank whoevery out these on the tl. i am vv happy now
Life is like an onion... There layer of peels are like our challenges, our struggle and there center part is our goal, our success, our achievements. Once u start removing or chopping peels or problems...u face tears, but finally u achieved the goal. Rajeev Nischal
SmileGenerator Beautiful smile quotes for you to learn how to smile Beautiful smile quotes for you to learn how to smile because a beautiful smile is like shields. It can break the ice in difficult situations and embarrassing social environments.
Don't let your fire burn out.
Count your blessings, not your troubles.
Some people are so stressed trying to be perfectly flawless... LOVE your flaws. LOVE yourself.
There can be no happiness if the things we believe in are different from the things we do.
Happiness is always possible, but we have to be willing and open to receive it.
No matter the difficulties in relationships, people should be happy at the end of the day.
Wherever you go throughout your life, continuously spread your happiness.
Rather than focusing on where you thought you'd be in life, focus on where you really are at the moment.
Happiness is having a scratch for every itch.
God has perfect timing never early, never late. It takes a little patience and it takes a lot of faith but it's worth the wait.
Be thankful for it all. And beyond your many blessings, will be many, many more.
Friendship without self interest is one of the rare and beautiful things in life.
Loving someone means being happy for them when they are happy.
Being happy doesn't always make us grateful, but being grateful will always make us happy.
At the end of the day, it's not about being pretty and popular...it's about being happy and healthy.
Happiness is the delicate balance between what one is and what one has. Balance it and be happy.
The only thing that will make you happy is being happy with who you are, and not who people think you are.
Don't get mad when people dislike you, embrace the negative and do something positive.
The world as we have created it is a process of our thinking. It cannot be changed without changing our thinking.
Every negative experience holds the seed of transformation.
It is never too late to be who you might have been.
Instead of focusing on all the bad, be thankful for all the good. Each day you have is a blessing.
Use your smile to change this world. Don't let this world change your smile.
This is a good sign, having a broken heart. It means you have tried for something.
Nothing is more beautiful than a smile that has struggled through tears.
True happiness consists in making happy.
Being happy does not mean everything is perfect. It means that you have decided to look beyond the imperfections.
Even if happiness forgets you a little bit, never completely forget about it.
The best way to cheer yourself up is to try to cheer somebody else up.
Happiness is a form of courage.
Stop running to those who ignore you and start running to those who adore you.
It's never too late to have a happy childhood.
Happiness is a direction, not a place.
Of all the things you wear, your expression is the most important.
They can because they think they can.
There is no cosmetic for beauty like happiness.
Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice.
He is rich or poor according to what he is, not according to what he has.
Cheerfulness is what greases the axles of the world. Don't go through life creaking.
I have only two kinds of days happy and hysterically happy. Allen J. Lefferdink
The happiness which is lacking makes one think even the happiness one has unbearable.
Happiness is the feeling you're feeling when you want to keep feeling it.
It's not what we do once in a while that shapes our lives, but what we do consistently.
Jumping for joy is good exercise.
Happiness is distraction from the human tragedy.
I hope everyone has a wonderful weekend. Always remember to smile!
Joy is a flower that blooms when you do.
Light tomorrow with today.
Do not look back on happiness or dream of it in the future. You are only sure of today do not let yourself be cheated out of it.
It is not easy to find happiness in ourselves, and it is not possible to find it elsewhere.
When you are happy, you see happiness in others.
What is the meaning of life? To be happy.
Ever since happiness heard your name, it has been running through the streets trying to find you.
No one is in control of your happiness but you.
A table, a chair, a bowl of fruit and a violin what else does a man need to be happy?
Welcome aboard  I'm looking forward to reading your happy tweets as well
Present fears are less than horrible imaginings. William Shakespeare
In the hopes of reaching the moon men fail to see the flowers that blossom at their feet.
A light heart lives long. William Shakespeare
Life has so many great options but you don't have to pick what seems to be the best. Just pick what makes you happy and it will be the best.
Don't put the key of your happiness in someone else's pocket.
Don't Hate . Don't Worry . Give More . Expect Less . Live Simply.
Instead of focusing on all the bad, be thankful for all the good. Each day you have is a blessing from God. Enjoy life.
Sometimes there are no second chances so forgive the past, remember the present and prepare for the future.
Life is an opportunity, benefit from it. Life is beauty, admire it. Life is a dream, realize it.
Keeping baggage from the past will leave no room for happiness in the future.
Nothing is miserable unless you think it so and on the other hand, nothing brings happiness unless you are content with it.
Create all the happiness you are able to create remove all the misery you are able to remove.
Cry. Forgive. Learn. Move on. Let your tears water the seeds of your future happiness.
There are two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle.
"Be helpful. When you see a person without a smile, give them yours."
Happiness is a choice.
The happiest people don't have the best of everything. They just make the best of everything.
"Being happy never goes out of style."
See the positive in negative events.
"You cannot have a positive life and a negative mind." 
The importance of positivity. 
Be in love with your life. Every minute of it.
One kind word can change someone's entire day.
SmileGenerator Thanks for Following!
Time has a wonderful way of showing us what really matters.
The most important thing is to enjoy your life  to be happy  it's all that matters.
We do not remember days, we remember moments.
Always make the best out of tough situations.
Open your eyes, look within. Are you satisfied with the life you're living?
The Constitution only gives people the right to pursue happiness. You have to catch it yourself.
Demand euphoria!
The Happiest Things That Have Ever Happened
Happiness is good health and a bad memory.
If you can dream it, you can do it.
Perception is reality.
Respect yourself enough to walk away from anything that no longer serves you, grows you or makes you happy.
Your time is limited, so dont waste it living someone elses life. 
Tough times never last, but tough people do. 
Make time for what's important.
Don't you dare, for one more second, surround yourself with people who are not aware of the greatness that you are.
Make each day your masterpiece.
The trick is to enjoy life. Dont wish away your days, waiting for better ones ahead.
The best dreams happen when youre awake.
Once you choose hope, anythings possible.
Work like there is someone working  hours a day to take it away from you.
Isnt it funny how day by day nothing changes, but when you look back everything is different.
I am not a product of my circumstances. I am a product of my decisions.
Be your own hero
Maybe a good rule in life is never become too important to do your own laundry.
All endings are also beginnings.
Nobody cares if you can't dance well. Just get up and dance.
The most wasted of all days is one without laughter.
Lifeisgood  This kid just found out he's going to be a big brother. His reaction is priceless.
Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away.
Know that your kindness has a ripple effect in the universe.
Challenge yourself with something you know you could never do, and what youll find is that you can overcome anything.
Don't. Get. Lost.
The  Habits of Supremely Happy People
SmileGenerator Thank you Happy for taking the time to follow me. I hope to inspire you and make you smile everyday.
SmileGenerator Thank you for the favorite. And thank you for following my tweets. I hope to share more stuff that .
We must be willing to let go of the life we planned so as to have the life that is waiting for us.
Just when the caterpillar thought the world was ending, he turned into a butterfly.
Gratitude A Key to Happiness
Friends are the family you choose.
Or maybe doing it right if was the intended outcome!
The most important thing in life is to learn how to give out love, and to let it come in. 
You yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection.
That which doesnt kill us makes us stronger. 
Opinions  Everyone has one.
You are confined only by the walls you build yourself.
Understand your worth. Value your life. Appreciate your blessings.
Today is a perfect day for a perfect day.
Things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out.
You will find that it is necessary to let things go simply for the reason that they are heavy.
We dont meet people by accident, they are meant to cross our path for a reason.
If we did the things we are capable of, we would astound ourselves.
Change your thoughts and you change your world.
Your time is limited, so dont waste it living someone elses life.
Always be a firstrate version of yourself, instead of a secondrate version of somebody else.
Do one thing every day that scares you.
The price of anything is the amount of life you exchange for it.
Three things in human life are important the first is to be kind the second is to be kind and the third is to be kind.
Life itself is the most wonderful fairy tale.
Nothing worth having comes easy.
Kindness can become its own motive. We are made kind by being kind.
Love lights more fires than hate extinguishes.
We accept the love we think we deserve.
You will never be truly happy if you continue to hold onto the things that make you sad.
You were given this life because you were strong enough to live it.
The best things in life are free.
Do small things with great love.
Love is when the other person's happiness is more important than your own.
The two hardest things to say in life are hello for the first time and goodbye for the last.
Silence is the best response to a fool.
Don't. Wait.
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.
As I grow to understand life less and less, I learn to live it more and more.
I've learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel.
Happiness is not a station you arrive at, but a manner of traveling.
Forgiveness does not change the past, but it does enlarge the future.
Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get.
Do what you have always done and you'll get what you have always got.
Your life is your message to the world. Make sure it is inspiring.
Dont base your relationship decisions off of advice of people who dont have to live with the results.
Love is that condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own.
The moments of happiness we enjoy take us by surprise. It is not that we seize them, but that they seize us.
There is only one way to happiness and that is to cease worrying about things which are beyond the power of our will.
Of all forms of caution, caution in love is perhaps the most fatal to true happiness.
Happy he who learns to bear what he cannot change.
Id far rather be happy than right any day.
If you spend your whole life waiting for the storm, youll never enjoy the sunshine.
The most important things in life aren't things.
Good times become good memories and bad times become good lessons.
No matter how good of a woman you are, you will never be good enough to a man who isnt ready.
Accept what is, let go of what was, and have faith in what will be.
Youll never change your life until you change something you do daily. The secret of your success is found in your daily routine.
When you love and laugh abundantly, you live a beautiful life.
Loneliness is a sign you are in desperate need of yourself.
Our attitude toward life determines life's attitude towards us.
Life fails to be perfect, but never fails to be beautiful.
It is your reaction to adversity, not the adversity itself, that determines how your lifes story will develop.
Once in awhile it really hits people that they dont have to experience life in the way they have been told to.
You cant start the next chapter of your life if you keep rereading the last one. Unknown
Think a little less. Live a little more.
Give out what you want most to come back.
If you want to know where your heart is look to where your mind goes when it wanders.
Stop making excuses and just do things.
Two things define you  your patience when you have nothing and your attitude when you have everything.
What you allow is what will continue.
You were given this life because youre strong enough to live it.
What you do speaks so loudly that I cannot hear what you say.
RT  What you do speaks so loudly that I cannot hear what you say.
Keep your face to the sunshine and you can never see the shadow.
Make each day your masterpiece.
Every strike brings me closer to the next home run.
Dont wish it were easier, wish you were better.
Never ruin an apology with an excuse.
Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen.
Happy are those who dare courageously to defend what they love. 
Hitch your wagon to a star.
Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated.
I have found that if you love life, life will love you back.
Into each life some rain must fall.
It is not length of life, but depth of life.
While there's life, there's hope. 
You get what you settle for.
Be kind to unkind people. They need it most.
The heaviest weight you will ever lift is the problem you refuse to confront.
I trust that everything in life happens for a reason, even if we are not wise enough to see it.
Speak your mind. Life is too short to leave important words unspoken.
Life is short smile while you still have teeth.
Happiness can be found, even in the darkest of times, if one only remembers to turn on the light.
Life is full of give and take. Give thanks and take nothing for granted.
Live like there is no midnight. Cinderella
What we see depends mainly on what we look for. 
Its crazy how one minute of your life could affect the next million.
In life, you will meet two types of people. The ones who build you up and the ones who tear you down. In the end, youll thank them both.
The hardest thing in life is to know which bridge to cross and which to burn.
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
Life is the sum of all your choices.
Music is what feelings sound like.
A negative mind will never give you a positive life.
Attitude is the difference between an ordeal and an adventure.
Some day we will find what we are looking for. Or maybe we wont. Maybe we will find something much greater than that.
Sometimes the questions are complicated and the answers are simple.
Dont ever stray away from yourself to get closer to someone else.
The secret to being happy is accepting where you are in life and making the most out of every day.
If your happiness depends on what somebody else does, I guess you do have a problem."
Life can either be accepted or changed. If it is not accepted, it must be changed. If it cannot be changed, then it must be accepted.
When writing the story of your life, dont let anyone else hold the pen.
People hold on to memories because unlike people, they never change.
Learn to appreciate the things you have before time makes you appreciate the things you had.
Sometimes we expect more from others because we would be willing to do that much for them.
Coins make a sound when dropped, but paper bills wont. Lesson When your value increases, keep yourself silent and be humble.
What we have done for ourselves alone dies with us what we have done for others and the world remains and is immortal.
Dont exchange what you want the most for what you want at the moment.
We could never learn to be brave and patient if there were only joy in the world.
Worrying wont keep the bad stuff from happening. It just keeps you from enjoying the good.
Beauty begins the moment you decide to be yourself.
Its better to walk alone than in a crowd going in the wrong direction.
Theres nothing more badass than being who you are.
Dont let peoples compliments get to your head and dont let their criticism get to your heart.
You teach people how to treat you by what you allow, what you stop, and what you reinforce.
Be the type of person you would like to meet.
The more you love your decisions, the less you need others to love them.
Tough times dont last, tough people do.
Be a fruit loop in a world of cheerios.
Perhaps strength doesnt reside in never having been broken, but in the courage to grow strong in the broken places.
Strength a river cuts through a rock not because of its power, but its persistence.
One small positive thought in the morning can change your whole day.
Every experience, no matter how bad it seems, holds within it a blessing of some kind. The goal is to find it.
A good friend knows all your stories. A best friend helped you write them.
Choose your friends with caution, plan your future with purpose, and frame your life with faith.
Your beliefs dont make you a better person, your behavior does.
The best view comes after the hardest climb.
You dont have to go fast, you just have to go.
Beauty begins the moment you decide to be yourself.
Getting over a painful experience is much like crossing monkey bars. You have to let go at some point in order to move forward. 
No matter how dirty your past is, your future is spotless.
Dogs have a way of finding the people who need them and filling an emptiness we didnt even know we had.
Out of suffering have emerged the strongest souls. The most massive characters are seared with scars.
Some of the best lessons are learned from past mistakes. The error of the past is the wisdom of the future.
Know your limitations and then defy them.
Often the people who are hardest to love are the ones who need it the most.
Be the kind of woman that when your feet hit the floor each morning, the devil says, Oh crap, shes up.
When you come out of the storm you wont be the same person who walked in. Thats what this storms all about.
Dont be pushed by your problems. Be led by your dreams.
We can complain because rose bushes have thorns or rejoice because thorn bushes have roses.
Honesty is a very expensive gift. Dont expect it from cheap people.
It is better to light a candle than curse the darkness.
You can never be overdressed or overeducated.
Consider how hard it is to change yourself and youll understand what little chance you have in trying to change others.
Advice is what we ask for when we already know the answer, but wish we didnt.
I can be changed by what happens to me, but I refuse to be reduced by it.
You learn more about a person at the end of a relationship than at the beginning.
There are all kinds of love in the world, but never the same love twice.
Confidence is silent. Insecurities are loud.
When you know yourself, you are empowered. When you accept yourself, you are invincible.
You attract people by the qualities you display. You keep them by the qualities you possess.
Let your faith be bigger than your fear.
A lion doesnt lose sleep over the opinions of sheep.
You teach people how to treat you by what you allow, what you stop, and what you reinforce.
When something bad happens you have three choices you can either let it define you, let it destroy you, or let it strengthen you.
Only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go.
The flower that blooms in adversity is the most rare and beautiful of all.
True friendship is when two friends can walk in opposite directions, yet remain side by side.
Friend or foe, everyone comes into your life for a reason.
Failure isnt falling down, its remaining where youve fallen.
You dont get to choose what life gives you, but you do get to choose how to receive it.
No amount of guilt can change the past and no amount of worrying can change the future.
Your time is limited so dont waste it living someone elses life.
A lie gets halfway around the world before the truth has a chance to get its pants on.
Positive thinking will let you do everything better than negative thinking will.
In times of great stress or adversity, its always best to keep busy, to plow your anger and your energy into something positive.
Everyone suffers, some just a little more quietly than others.
We are made strong by the difficulties we face, not by those we run from.
Smart people learn from their mistakes. But the real sharp ones learn from the mistakes of others.
If you cant get rid of the skeleton in your closet, youd best teach it to dance. 
Life has taught us that love does not consist of gazing at each other, but in looking together in the same direction.
Nothing in life is to be feared. It is only to be understood.
Be nice to people on your way up because youll meet them on your way down.
The first step towards getting somewhere is to decide that you are not going to stay where you are.
Even if you are on the right track, youll get run over if you just sit there.
There are only two tragedies in life one is not getting what one wants, and the other is getting it.
To succeed in life, you need three things a wishbone, a backbone, and a funnybone. 
We should certainly count our blessings, but we should also make our blessings count.
As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words but to live by them.
Reflect upon your present blessings, of which every man has plenty not on your past misfortunes, of which all men have some.
You cannot do a kindness too soon because you never know how soon it will be too late.
When I started counting my blessings, my whole life turned around. 
Being positive wont guarantee youll succeed. But being negative will guarantee you wont.
Only two things are infinite, the universe and human stupidity, and Im not sure about the former.
How wrong it is for a woman to expect the man to build the world she wants, rather than to create it herself.
Far too many people are looking for the right person instead of trying to be the right person.
The only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you havent found it yet, keep looking. Dont settle.
The significant problems we face cannot be solved at the same level of thinking we were at when we created them.
Things may come to those who wait, but only the things left by those who hustle.
Youve got to stand for something, or youll fall for anything.
Big things often have small beginnings.
The true measure of a man is how he treats someone who can do him absolutely no good.
SmileGenerator Thx for the follow. We love
A persons a person no matter how small.
Inspiration exists, but it has to find us working.
To a great mind, nothing is little.
When life is sweet, say thank you and celebrate. And when life is bitter, say thank you and grow.
Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of throwing it at someone else. You are the one who gets burned.
Many a mans reputation would not know his character if they met on the street.
Knowledge speaks, but wisdom listens.
The art of being happy lies in the power of extracting happiness from common things.
A person who feels appreciated will always do more than what is expected.
Stand up for whats right, even if you are standing alone.
Show respect even to people who dont deserve it not as a reflection of their character, but as a reflection of yours.
God gave us mouths that close and ears that dont. That must tell us something.
The tongue has no bones but is strong enough to break a heart. So, be careful with your words.
Your mood should not dictate your manners.
Dont waste words on people who deserve your silence. Sometimes the most powerful thing you can say is nothing at all.
Sometimes in life, your situation will keep repeating itself until you learn your lesson.
Every time you feel yourself getting pulled into other peoples nonsense, repeat these words not my circus, not my monkeys.
Many things arent equal but everyone gets the same  hours a day,  days a week. We make time for what we truly want.
You are free to choose, but you are not free from the consequence of your choice.
Do your thing and dont care if they like it.
Givers need to set limits because takers rarely do.
Be kind for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle.
Why worry? If youve done the very best you can, worrying wont make it any better.
Even the darkest night will end and the sun will rise.
Ambition is the path to success. Persistence is the vehicle you arrive in.
The best love is the one that makes you a better person, without changing you into someone other than yourself.
One of the most courageous decisions youll ever make is to finally let go of what is hurting your heart and soul.
Always remember to fall asleep with a dream and wake up with a purpose.
Nostalgia is a dirty liar that insists things were better than they seemed.
You may not always end up where you thought you were going. But you will always end up where you are meant to be.
Dont carry your mistakes around with you. Instead, place them under your feet and use them as stepping stones to rise above them.
There are far better things ahead than we ever leave behind.
Im going to make everything around me beautiful and that will be my life.
You are a perishable item. Live accordingly.
Instead of putting others in their place, put yourself in their place.
If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way.
I want to sing like the birds sing, not worrying about who hears or what they think.
Sometimes your circle decreases in size, but increases in value.
You cant live your life for other people. Youve got to do whats right for you even if it hurts some people you love.
Above all, keep loving one another earnestly since love covers a multitude of sins.
It takes nothing to join the crowd. It takes everything to stand alone.
A woman with good shoes is never ugly.
If you are persistent, you will get it. If you are consistent, you will keep it.
For those who understand, no explanation is needed. For those who do not understand, no explanation is possible.
Exist to be happy, not to impress.
Surround yourself with people who make you hungry for life, touch your heart, and nourish your soul.
Our bravest and best lessons are not learned through success, but through misadventure.
Im thankful for my struggle because without it I wouldnt have stumbled across my strength.
People generally see what they look for, and hear what they listen for.
A smooth sea never made a skillful sailor.
The meaning of life is to find your gift. The purpose of life is to give it away.
Always make time for the things that make you feel happy to be alive.
No one has ever become poor by giving.
He conquers who endures.
The honor of a country depends much more on removing its faults than on boasting of its qualities.
When the heart is won, the understanding is easily convinced.
Courage conquers all things.
We inherit nothing truly, but what our actions make us worthy of.
It is the hardest thing in the world to be a good thinker without being a good self examiner.
Everyone desires long life, not one old age.
The fortunate circumstances of our lives are generally found, at last, to be of our own producing.
You deserve the kind of love you would give someone else.
A single event can shape our lives or change the course of history.
I want you to be everything thats you, deep at the center of your being.
There are two levers for moving men  interest and fear. 
Striving for excellence motivates you striving for perfection is demoralizing.
There is only one way... to get anybody to do anything. And that is by making the other person want to do it.
What comes from the heart, goes to the heart.
It all begins and ends in your mind. What you give power to, has power over you.
Happiness is not a reward  it is a consequence. Suffering is not a punishment  it is a result.
One of the strongest characteristics of genius is the power of lighting its own fire.
None of us will ever accomplish anything excellent or commanding except when he listens to this whisper which is heard by him alone.
Civilization is a method of living, an attitude of equal respect for all men.
Depend not on another, but lean instead on thyself...True happiness is born of selfreliance.
What defines us is how well we rise after falling.
Education is the best provision for old age.
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength loving someone deeply gives you courage.
No army can withstand the strength of an idea whose time has come.
The aim of education is the knowledge not of fact, but of values.
I will go anywhere as long as it is forward.
You cant have a better tomorrow if you dont stop thinking about yesterday.
Every accomplishment starts with the decision to try.
Its kind of fun to do the impossible.
Sometimes you will never know the value of a minute until it becomes a memory.
A new year is on the way and the possibilities are endless.
A wise person knows that there is something to be learned from everyone.
Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence.
Every small, positive change we make in ourselves repays us in confidence in the future.
Cheers to a new year and another chance for us to get it right.
Write it on your heart that every day is the best day in the year.
Be kind and be truthful and your life will be fruitful.
Hope, but never expect. Look forward, but never wait.
You know you have made the right decision when there is peace in your heart.
Perhaps this is the moment for which you have been created.
A sure sign of a mans strength is how gently he loves his wife.
Be strong enough to stand alone, smart enough to know when you need help, and brave enough to ask for it.
Sometimes you have to remind yourself that you dont have to do what everyone else is doing.
Dreams dont work unless you do.
Our days are happier when we give people a bit of our heart rather than a piece of our mind.
To love a person is to see all of their magic, and to remind them of it when they have forgotten.
Our willingness to wait reveals the value we place on the object were waiting for.
Reading gives us someplace to go when we have to stay where we are.
A mind that is stretched by new experiences can never go back to its old dimensions.
The truth is, people are the way they are for a reason. If we would take the time to know their stories, we would be much more forgiving.
Surround yourself only with people who are going to lift you higher.
Humans have a knack for choosing precisely the things that are worst for them.
The biggest communication problem is we do not listen to understand we listen to reply.
My religion is very simple my religion is kindness.
God, how I ricochet between certainties and doubts.
The world is a book and those who do not travel read only one page.
Everything will be okay in the end. If its not okay, its not the end.
You did not come this far to walk away without the victory.
Sometimes painful things can teach us lessons that we didnt think we needed to know.
Tact is the art of making a point without making an enemy. 
I am not the same, having seen the moon shine on the other side of the world. 
Nothing will ruin your twenties more than thinking you should have your life together already.
Classy is when a woman has everything to flaunt, but chooses not to show it.
SmileGenerator I know that feel
Sooner or later, we all quote our mothers.
Dont die before youre dead.
Lonely is not a feeling when you are alone lonely is a feeling when no one cares.
You cannot find peace by avoiding life.
The key to happiness is letting each situation be what it is instead of what you think it should be.
Sometimes in the waves of change, we find our true direction.
The good you do today may be forgotten tomorrow. Do good anyway.
A man who does not plan long ahead will find trouble right at his door.
We can do anything we want to if we stick to it long enough.
When it rains, look for rainbows. When its dark, look for stars.
The secret of having it all is believing you already do.
Change is the law of life. And those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future.
Be the love you seek.
You cannot teach a man anything you can only help him to find it for himself.
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
Nothing is worth doing unless the consequences may be serious.
When he is best, he is a little worse than a man and when he is worst, he is little better than a beast.
A flower does not think of competing with the flower next to it. It just blooms.
For my part I know nothing with any certainty, but the sight of the stars makes me dream.
It is easier to stay out than get out.
You have to expect things of yourself before you can do them.
Opportunity dances with those already on the dance floor.
Beauty begins the moment you decide to be yourself.
Action may not always bring happiness but there is no happiness without action.
Its not about who is real to your face, its about who stays loyal behind your back.
Success is going from failure to failure without losing your enthusiasm.
You can be the ripest, juiciest peach in the world, and theres still going to be somebody who hates peaches.
A lie gets halfway around the world before the truth has a chance to get its pants on.
The best view comes after the hardest climb.
Friendship is born at that moment when one person says to another What! You too? I though I was the only one.
Be courteous to all, but intimate with few and let those few be well tried before you give them your confidence.
As long as I stay with my values, something valuable happens.
The desires of the heart are as crooked as a corkscrew.
In the end, we will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends.
He who has a why to live, can bear with almost any how.
Dont let your loyalty become slavery.
Religion is belief in someone elses experience. Spirituality is having your own experience.
Perfectionism is self abuse of the highest order.
A good laugh and a long sleep are the two best cures for anything.
Do more than just exist.
I have not failed. Ive just found , ways that wont work.
Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal.
So this is my life. And I want you to know that I am both happy and sad and Im still trying to figure out how that could be.
The earth has music for those who listen.
I didn't always know what I wanted to do, but I knew the kind of woman I wanted to be.
Sometimes the smallest things take up the most room in your heart.
The things you take for granted, someone else is praying for.
Without heroes, we are all plain people and dont know how far we can go.
I've never met a strong person with an easy past.
Exist to be happy, not to impress.
We all have chapters we would rather keep unpublished.
If we wait until we're ready, we'll be waiting for the rest of our lives.
It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live.
I took it off. I did not want to carry it with me anymore.
The true secret of happiness lies in taking a genuine interest in all the details of daily life.
Every day may not be good, but there is something good in every day.
I don't regret the things I've done. I regret the things I didn't do when I had the chance.
There is no exercise better for the heart than reaching down and lifting people up.
We take photos as a return ticket to a moment otherwise gone.
It's not the load that breaks you down. It's the way you carry it.
Honesty is a very expensive gift. Don't expect it from cheap people.
Gratitude changes everything.
Honesty is a very expensive gift. Don't expect it from cheap people."
Collect moments, not things.
If you let people's perception of you dictate your behavior, you will never grow as a person.
Worrying is like praying for what you don't want.
Yes!  If you let people's perception of you dictate your behavior, you will never grow as a person. Mr. Feeny"
Turn your wounds into wisdom.
Turn your wounds into wisdom.
Worrying is like praying for what you don't want."
Collect moments, not things."
Gratitude changes everything."
It's not the load that breaks you down. It's the way you carry
We take photos as a return ticket to a moment otherwise gone."
I took it off. I did not want to carry it with me anymore."
It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live.
We all have chapters we would rather keep unpublished.
Exist to be happy, not to impress."
I've never met a strong person with an easy past.
I've never met a strong person with an easy past.
The things you take for granted, someone else is praying for.
The earth has music for those who listen.
I have not failed. Ive just found, ways that wont work.
Do more than just exist."
Sometimes the smallest things take up the most room in your heart
A good laugh and a long sleep are the two best cures for anything
Perfectionism is self abuse.
Perfectionism is self abuse.
Dont let your loyalty become slavery.
As long as I stay with my values, something valuable happens.
The desires of the heart are as crooked as a corkscrew.
I'll look back on this and smile, because it was life and I decided to live it.
Never make permanent decisions on temporary feelings.
Rule your mind or it will rule you.
It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are.
RT  "Turn your wounds into wisdom." 
A Sunday well spent brings a week of content.
You can do anything, but not everything.
Remember the compliments you receive. Forget the insults.
Be where you are...otherwise you will miss your life.
The first step to getting what you want is having the courage to get rid of what you don't.
I am not what happened to me. I am what I choose to become.
A person who feels appreciated will always do more than what is expected.
Your mistakes do not define you.
Live and let go. Don't be held down by what you can't control.
The things you take for granted, someone else is praying for.
Exist to be happy, not to impress.
Exist to be happy, not to impress.
Stop falling in love with potential.
Dress how you want to be addressed.
If you risk nothing, then you risk everything.
The secret of change is to focus all of your energy, not on fighting the old, but on building the new.
The secret of being happy is accepting where you are in life and making the most out of everyday.
Stay patient and trust your journey.
She quietly expected great things to happen to her, and no doubt that's one of the reasons why they did.
The man on top of the mountain didn't fall there.
If you want to fly, you must give up what weighs you down.
Anyone can find the dirt in someone. Be the one that finds the gold. 
Laughing is, and will always be, the best form of therapy.
The willingness of America's veterans to sacrifice for our country has earned them our lasting gratitude.
Frame every socalled disaster with these words in five years, will this matter?
Strive not to be a success but rather to be of value.
Something I learned about people...If they do it once, they'll do it again.
We all must face the choice between what is right and what is easy.
Yesterday I was clever, so I wanted to change the world. Today I am wise, so I am changing myself.
Everyone you will ever meet knows something you don't.
Surround yourself with people who make you hungry for life, touch your heart, and nourish your soul.
The flower doesn't dream of the bee. It blossoms and the bee comes.
samsnail yes much better, no gimp no cry haha
samsnail that is purely inspirational! Love it
Owning our story and loving ourselves through that process is the bravest thing that we'll ever do.
The question isn't who is going to let me it's who is going to stop me.
All we have to decide is what to do with the time that is given to us.
Be sure to taste your words before you spit them out.
Sometimes painful things can teach us lessons that we didn't think we needed to know.
If I ever let my head down it will be to admire my shoes.
Own who you are.
Sometimes what you're most afraid of doing is the very thing that will set you free.
When nothing is sure, everything is possible.
You cannot act like flip flops and expect to be treated like Louboutins.
Attract what you expect, reflect what you desire, become what you respect, mirror what you admire.
Throw kindness around like confetti.
Not one drop of my selfworth depends on your acceptance of me.
To bring anything into your life, imagine that it's already there.
The art of being happy lies in the power of extracting happiness from common things.
Leave people better than you found them.
We are very good lawyers for our own mistakes, but very good judges for the mistakes of others.
A good friend knows all your stories. A best friend helped you write them.
Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment.
People generally see what they look for, and hear what they listen for.
You are always responsible for how you act no matter how you feel.
Attitude is the difference between an ordeal and an adventure.
Waiting for someone else to make you happy is the best way to be sad.
It's not how good you are, it's how good you want to be.
Some people make your laugh a little louder, your smile a little brighter, and your life a little better.
We would do ourselves a tremendous favor by letting go of the people who poison our spirit.
Laughter is the fireworks of the soul.
Be proud of who you are, and not ashamed of how someone else sees you.
If I cut you off, chances are you handed me the scissors.
If your eyes are opened, you'll see the things worth seeing.
It's one of the greatest gifts you can give yourself to forgive. Forgive everybody.
Don't stumble over something behind you.
When asked if my cup is halffull or half empty, my only response is that I am thankful I have a cup.
Sometimes we create our own heartbreaks through expectation.
Train your mind to see the good in every situation.
Smile like a monkey with a new banana.
Learn to work harder on yourself than you do on your job.
It is better to light a candle than curse the darkness.
Fear makes the wolf bigger than he is.
A person's actions tell you everything you need to know.
All it takes is one song to bring back a thousand memories.
Be okay with not knowing for sure what might come next, but know that whatever it is...you will be okay.
You can't do anything about the length of your life, but you can do something about its width and depth.
Even the darkest hour only has  minutes.
Clothe yourselves with compassion, kindness, humility, gentleness, and patience.
Healing is an art. It takes time, it takes practice. It takes love.
Stay humble. Hustle hard.
I am a hotblooded fighter and I am fearless.
A wise person knows that there is something to be learned from everyone.
Don't ever mistake my silence for ignorance, my calmness for acceptance, or my kindness for weakness.
Hearts are wild creatures that's why our ribs are cages.
The future always arrives a little before you're ready to give up the present.
SmileGenerator Humour and laughter are medicines for any weary spirit.
I am mine  before I am ever anyone else's.
Confidence is silent. Insecurities are loud.
SmileGenerator Confidence has no need of noise.
SmileGenerator You cannot know the future but you can know yourself!
Judge me when YOU are perfect.
Never run back to what broke you.
Kindness has a beautiful way of reaching down into a weary heart and making it shine like the rising sun.
The meaning of life is to find your gift. The purpose of life is to give it away.
It's your life. Don't let anyone make you feel guilty for living it your way.
SmileGenerator One should try to accept that uncertainty is a part of life, so that one worries less.
Never regret anything that has happened in your life. It cannot be changed, undone or forgotten. So take it as a lesson learned and move on.
If you want to achieve greatness, stop asking for permission.
I got my own back.
I survived because the fire inside me burned brighter than the fire around me.
Get rich quick count your blessings.
The less you respond to negative people, the more peaceful your life will become.
The moment you start to wonder if you deserve better, you do.
Remember that sometimes not getting what you want is a wonderful stroke of luck.
Upon waking, let your first thought be "Thank You."
If they don't know you personally, don't take it personal.
Feelings are just visitors, let them come and go.
Happiness is the highest level of success.
I can tell a lot about a person by what they choose to see in me.
People who shine from within don't need the spotlight.
Sometimes you don't get closure, you just move on.
You'll never have to chase someone who walks with you.
Friends are God's way of apologizing for your family.
If we learn nothing else from this tragedy, we learn that life is short and there is no time for hate.
When you focus on problems, you'll have more problems. When you focus on possibilities, you'll have more opportunities.
Beauty may be dangerous, but intelligence is lethal.
One small positive thought in the morning can change your whole day.
I just want to spend the rest of my life laughing.
Leadership is about making others better as a result of your presence, and making sure that impact lasts in your absence.
There is no passion to be found playing small  in settling for a life that is less than the one you are capable of living.
Don't raise your voice improve your words.
You are not required to set yourself on fire to keep other people warm.
One of the greatest weaknesses in most of us is our lack of faith in ourselves.
Difficult roads often lead to beautiful destinations.
I am who I am today because of the choices I made yesterday.
You don't need a reason to help people.
When it is all finished, you will discover it was never random.
The brave do not live forever, but the cautious do not live at all.
A drunk mouth speaks a sober mind.
God grant me the Serenity to accept the things I cannot change Courage to change the things I can and Wisdom to know the difference.
Be strong  you never know who you are inspiring.
When we begin to love ourselves enough, we stop chasing people who don't love us.
Instead of being ashamed of what you've been through, be proud of what you have overcome.
Everything you want is on the other side of fear.
Started a new life leaving all the worries behind.
Nothing beats a good sleep.
nylael The word bible means books. Oh my God.
Time to start living, not just surviving.
To heal a wound, you need to stop touching it.
Lovely is the word best describes you.
Exercise your muscles. Laugh at funny times.
Our parents will always listen to our stories. Start sharing yours.
Making fun of people is very different from having fun with people. Stay classy.
Just smile. It may mean the world to someone.
Learn new things. New things  challenges. Challenges excitement.
You being you is the best you.
Listen to the elders. Not because they were always right but because they knew better.
You are beautiful.
Do what you think is the best decision you made.
Comedians are heroes. They save lives by making people happy.
Why waste your time thinking of your worst when you can spend your life experiencing the best?
Fulfill not fullfil. Those "L" tho.
Let us give thanks to autocorrect for preventing us to look like an idiot.
Deal with it.
A bright smile lits up the face.
Heroes are made by the paths they choose, not the powers they are graced with.
At least you tried.
SmileGenerator Thanks for following, Our product removes sulfites  and headaches from drinking wine!
Everything has changed and yet, I am more me than I've ever been.
Prayers for all of us. Be safe.
This emoji wants to kill you
Do not judge my story by the chapter you walked in on.
You're a warrior. Warriors don't give up and they don't back down. Pick up your sword and shield and fight.
Two things to remember in life take care of your thoughts when you're alone and your words when you're with others.
You do you.
Just be yourself. The best you is the real you.
Doubt kills more dreams than failure ever will.
Take time to do what makes your soul happy.
We attract what we're ready for.
Let our lives be full of both thanks and giving.
Do not give your past the power to define your future.
It's Friday  time to go make stories for Monday.
If it is right, it happens. The main thing is not to hurry  nothing good gets away.
There's only one thing more precious than our time and that's who we spend it on.
You are allowed to set boundaries and you are allowed to wave bye to anyone who doesn't respect them...without apology.
Today, I choose joy.
Do not believe the things you tell yourself when you are sad and alone.
You cannot be good enough for everybody, but you will always be the best for the one who deserves you.
The soul usually knows what to do to heal itself. The challenge is to silence the mind.
Dont give up just because you had a bad day. Forgive yourself and do better tomorrow.
If I quit now, I will soon be back to where I started. And when I started, I was desperately wishing to be where I am now.
Don't be afraid to talk about yourself. Someone might be waiting to hear from you just like you do.
Just so you know, I think you are awesome. Love yourself.
Try asking the person beside you about hisher day. It may looked like you are a creep but who cares, just smile.
When you learn how much you're worth, you'll stop giving people discounts.
Drama does not just walk into your life. Either you create it, invite it, or associate with it.
If you live for people's acceptance, you will die from their rejection.
What is coming is better than what is gone.
Sometimes when I say "I'm okay," I want someone to look me in the eyes, hug me tight, and say "I know you're not."
If you are still breathing, be thankful.
Happiness starts within yourself.
Be loyal to your future, not your past.
More people would learn from their mistakes if they weren't so busy denying them.
Follow what your heart wants. If that what makes you happy then why not?
New beginnings are often disguised as painful endings.
I solemnly swear that I am up to no good.
Be the person you needed when you were younger.
This is the year I will be stronger, braver, kinder, and unstoppable. This is the year I will be fierce.
One reason people resist change is because they focus on what they have to give up, instead of what they have to gain.
The longer you live in the past, the less future you have to enjoy.
When thinking about life, remember this no amount of guilt can solve the past, and no amount of anxiety can change the future.
I've never met a strong person with an easy past.
You can't have a million dollar dream with a minimum wage work ethic.
If you let people's perception of you dictate your behavior, you will never grow as a person.
When a friend does something wrong, don't forget all the things they did right.
The best nights are when you're having too much fun to take pictures.
Your life does not get better by chance, it gets better by change.
You're a diamond, dear. They can't break you.
Then you shall call and the Lord will answer you shall cry and he will say, "Here I am."
Maybe life isn't about avoiding the bruises. Maybe it's about collecting the scars to prove we showed up for it.
The most dangerous phrase in language is, "We've always done it this way.
Good friends help you find important things when you have lost them  your smile, your hope, and your courage.
The secret of happiness is to count your blessings while others are adding up their troubles.
Remember that time you confused a life lesson for a soulmate?
Don't base your decisions on the advice of those who don't have to deal with the consequences.
A good life is when you smile often, dream big, laugh a lot, and realize how blessed you are for what you have.
I wish more people understood that you can forgive a person, yet not allow them back into your life. It is possible...and healthy.
Be there for others, but never leave yourself behind.
Sometimes, the smallest step in the right direction ends up being the biggest step of your life.
You can learn a lot about someone by listening to a song that means a lot to them.
Don't ruin a good today because of a bad yesterday.
Never be defined by your past. It was just a lesson, not a life sentence.
It's life. You don't figure it out. You just climb up on the beast and ride.
A daughter needs a dad to be the standard against which she will judge all men.
The love of another will not be able to fill the void left by not loving yourself.
We're all so desperate to be understood, we forget to be understanding.
Holding onto anger is like drinking poison and expecting the other person to die.
Dont ask why someone keeps hurting you. Ask why you keep letting them.
I might be away for some time but I'll never forget you.
Talking about our problems is our greatest addiction. Break the habit. Talk about your joys.
Just because someone desires you, does not mean that they value you. Read it over. Again. Let those words resonate in your mind.
Let them miss you. Sometimes, when you're always available, they take you for granted because they think you'll always stay.
Never let go of your dreams because it is never too late to reach them.
Jealousy is a form of hatred built upon insecurity.
I am. Two of the most powerful words. For what you put after them shapes your reality.
Behind every favorite song, there is an untold story.
This might fail but at least I've tried.
Don't judge someone just because they sin differently than you.
It's okay to be a glowstick. Sometimes, we need to break before we shine.
Be stubborn about your goals, but flexible about your methods.
Failure is a bruise, not a tattoo.
If what you're mad about is not going to matter in six months, then do yourself a favor and cheer up now.
Make today so awesome, yesterday gets jealous.
She is clothed with strength and dignity, and she laughs without fear of the future.
In youth, we learn in age, we understand.
We are all broken  that's how the light gets in.
Think twice because regret comes last.
Face the mirror and tell yourself that you are beautiful.
Start your day with a smile.
There is always a finish line in every journey. Enjoy every bit of it.
Adopting a pet really helps elevating your mood.
Sometimes, it's okay if the only thing you did today was breathe.
Nothing compares to the stomachache you get from laughing with your best friends.
Don't be afraid to try new things.
She made a promise to herself to hold her own wellbeing sacred.
SmileGenerator Nice to see the true collection of quotes and happiness, found equally good quotes here too http lifequotes.comhappyquoteso flife
Until one has loved an animal, a part of ones soul remains unawakened.
Regret comes if you did not give your best.
Being an adult is the dumbest thing I have ever done.
Take a deep breath and wash away all your worries.
Not caring what other people think is the best choice you will ever make.
Those who wait deserve the best.
Let the world see how wonderful you are.
Don't wait for the right person to come into your life. Make yourself the right person to walk into someone else's life.
I know what I bring to the table, so trust me when I say I'm not afraid to eat alone.
Sometimes, you get the best light from a burning bridge.
Conquer your fears and follow your heart.
Every journey starts with a small step. Start your journey today.
You are the sailor of your ship. Manage it however you want without crashing other ships.
Your life isnt yours if you constantly care what others think.
Keep everything real because it's the reality you are living in.
Dont worry your pretty little mind. People throw rocks at things that shine.
Live your life the way you want.
The first time someone shows you who they are, believe them.
I need you to love me a little louder today.
Sleep doesn't help if it's your soul that's tired.
You are a sprinkle donut in a world full of plain bagels.
Oh, sorry. I forgot. I only exist when you need something.
Keep the positive and take away the negative.
Different people, different opinions. Just respect each other.
Stop looking for happiness in the same place you lost it.
If you want me, earn me.
Whatever doesn't kill me... ...had better start running.
May my heart be brave, my mind fierce, and my spirit free.
Take a break and enjoy simple things.
There's so much more to life than what you're feeling now.
When your opinions clash, just pause for a moment and analyze hisher point.
We look up at the same stars, and see such different things.
Everybody has a chapter they don't read out loud.
Talk to yourself like you would to someone you love.
You were my cup of tea, but I drink champagne now.
Be careful who you make memories with. Those things can last a lifetime.
Dont make it more complicated than it needs to be.
Bad company ruins good morals.
Happiness comes when we stop complaining about the troubles we have, and offer thanks for all the troubles we dont have.
You cant fix yourself by breaking someone else.
If I have to ask for your attention, then I dont even want it.
Living in the past defeats the purpose of living today.
I dont trust words. I even question actions. But I never doubt patterns.
Guard your heart above all else, for it determines the course of your life.
I hope to arrive to my death  late, in love, and a little drunk.
You werent born to just pay bills and die.
This is your Sunday evening reminder that you can handle whatever this week throws at you.
The dream is free. The hustle is sold separately.
The best feeling in the whole world is watching things finally fall into place after watching them fall apart for so long.
Everything you do now is your future. Think about that.
If you lose someone but find yourself, you won.
Share with people who have earned the right to hear your story.
The longer we dwell on our misfortunes, the greater is their power to harm us.
A Sunday well spent brings a week of content.
Do no harm, but take no shit.
You did not wake up today to be mediocre.
The Lord will fight for you you need only be still.
There are two reasons why we dont trust people. First, we dont know them. Second, we know them.
I think one of my favorite feelings is laughing with someone and realizing halfway through how much you enjoy them and their existence.
The only way to win with a toxic person is not to play.
Dont tell me what they said about me. Tell me why they were so comfortable to say it around you.
Do what you love, and youll never have a problem with Monday.
Life is so much easier when you don't hoard your past.
When we seek to discover the best in others, we somehow bring out the best in ourselves.
Sometimes when one door closes, you need to nail a board over it.
Be obsessively grateful.
When your heart hurts, lean into love even harder.
I did that tonight and feels great
Everything you do doesn't need to be seen or heard.
Being male is a matter of birth. Being a man is a matter of age. But being a gentleman is a matter of choice.
It's better to have nobody, than to have someone who is half there, or who doesn't want to be there.
Some superheroes don't have capes. They are called "Dad."
Commitment means staying loyal to what you said you were going to do, long after the mood you said it in has left you.
Some people are gold. Some people are gold plated. Learn the difference.
You can't do epic shit with basic people.
Some days I wish I could go back in life. Not to change anything, but to feel a few things twice.
There is not a monster more dangerous than a lack of compassion.
Just as a snake sheds its skin, we must shed our past over and over again.
How we walk with the broken speaks louder than how we sit with the great.
Don't be eye candy. Be soul food.
If someone shows you their true colors, don't try to repaint them.
Love the people God gave you, because he will need them back one day.
Don't ruin a good today by thinking about a bad yesterday. Let it go.
When you realize how perfect everything is, you will tilt your head back and laugh at the sky.
Retweeted Happy Qoutes  Living in the past defeats the purpose of living today.
Mistakes happen to open the doors for learning.
It's like a part of me wants you, and another part of me knows I'm better off without you.
Always trust people who like big butts. They cannot lie.
What you tell yourself every day will either lift you up, or tear you down.
There is only one way to avoid criticism do nothing, say nothing, and be nothing.
By doing what you love, you inspire and awaken the hearts of others.
We had the right love at the wrong time.
Better days are coming. They are called Saturday and Sunday.
Hating someone makes them important. Forgiving them makes them obsolete.
So be truly glad there is wonderful joy ahead. Even though you may have to endure many trials for a little while.
Learn to accept situation at it is.
My goal is to create a life I don't need a vacation from.
Make everyday your best day.
It's never too late to follow your dreams. Start your st step now.
My favorite childhood memory is not paying bills.
The older I get, the more I understand that it's okay to live a life others don't understand.
SmileGenerator Cat? Dogs? or Other favorite pet?
In order to love who you are, you cannot hate the experiences that shaped you.
If you avoid conflict to keep the peace, you start a war inside yourself.
Those who move forward with a happy spirit will find that things will always work out.
Im obsessed w Ultamate Rewards. Sign up w my link  we both get  off!
Work to become, not to acquire.
The first step in crafting the life you want is to get rid of everything you don't.
I'm going to make you so proud. Note to Self
Every next level of your life will demand a different you.
Watch out for people who are always bragging about who they are. A lion will never have to tell you it's a lion.
Face the mirror and smile.
Don't cling to a mistake just because you spent a lot of time making it.
It's not the lie that bothers me. It's the insult to my intelligence that I find offensive.
It is better to be yourself and have no friends, than to be like your friends and have no self.
If you judge people, you have no time to love them.
Sometimes, the grass is greener on the other side because it's fake.
She knew she loved him when "home" went from being a place, to being a person.
It is far better to be alone, than to be in bad company.
We take photos as a return ticket to a moment otherwise gone.
Be with someone who always wants to know how your day was.
One loyal friend is worth ten thousand relatives.
The ocean is everything I want to be... beautiful, mysterious, wild, and free.
Don't let your struggle become your identity.
Ten years from now, make sure you can say that you CHOSE your life. You didn't settle for it.
Good things take time.
Nothing is work, unless you'd rather be doing something else.
Do not take to heart everything people say.
A grateful heart is a magnet for miracles.
You did not wake up today to be mediocre.
You will never always be motivated. You have to learn to be disciplined.
Ordinary people have big TVs. Extraordinary people have big libraries.
Almost every successful person begins with two beliefs the future can be better than the present, and I have the power to make it so.
Happiness depends more on the inward disposition of mind than on outward circumstances.
Don't get mad when I pull a YOU on you.
What you seek is seeking you.
Make choices that liberate you.
You wake up every morning to fight the same demons that left you so tired the night before, and that, my love, is bravery.
Today will never come again. Be a blessing. Be a friend. Encourage someone. Take time to care. Let your words heal and not wound.
Your energy is contagious  either you affect people or you infect people.
Never fear to speak what's in your heart.
God cares a lot more about who we are, and who we are becoming, than about who we once were.
Pay attention to people who dont clap when you win.
Be someones sunshine when their skies are gray.
People come and go. It's just up to you if their stay will be worthwhile.
I was raised to treat the janitor with the same respect as the CEO.
You can't pour from an empty cup. Take care of yourself, first.
Don't get mad. Don't get even. Do better. Much better. Rise above. Become so engulfed in your own success that you forget it ever happened.
Youre always one decision away from a totally different life.
How would your life be different if you learned to let go of the things that have already let go of you?
Give it to God, and go to sleep.
I give because I know how it feels to want.
Be a person who never talks bad about someone.
It's scary what a smile can hide.
The best feeling in the world is when someone appreciates everything about you that someone else took for granted.
You can be a good person with a kind heart and still say no.
You can't rush something you want to last forever.
If you live off a man's compliments, you'll die from his criticism.
You were born with the ability to change someone's life. Don't ever waste it.
Your relationship with yourself sets the tone for every other relationship you have.
We often add to our pain and suffering by being overly sensitive, overreacting to minor things, and sometimes taking things too personally.
Go to bed with dreams... Wake up with plans.
Well done is better than well said.
I dont fear commitment, I fear wasting my time.
Confidence is not 'they will like me.' Confidence is 'I'll be fine if they don't.'
It's not what's under the Christmas tree that matters, it's who's around it.
I guess what Ive always wanted was someone who loves me enough to match my effort.
Be a voice, not an echo.
The same boiling water that softens the potato, hardens the egg. Its about what youre made of, not the circumstances.
We are all born ignorant, but one must work hard to remain stupid.
Only take advice from someone you are willing to trade places with.
The comeback is always stronger than the setback.
Attention is the rarest and purest form of generosity.
When you can't find the sunshine, Be the Sunshine.
Be the love you never received.
You can't get to the top by sitting on your bottom.
The older I get, the more selective I am of who is in my tribe. I'd rather have four quarters than a hundred pennies.
Take failures as blessings. Those really strengthen you.
A lack of boundaries invites a lack of respect.
I love when people that have been through hell, walk out of the flames carrying buckets of water for those still consumed by the fire.
The key to success is playing the hand you were dealt like it was the hand you wanted.
A good quote a day keeps ur headache away
Sometimes the bad things that happen in our lives put us directly on the path to the best things that will ever happen to us.
I've come too far to nurture relationships that make me feel like I'm journeying backward.
Forget yesterday, stop saying tomorrow, and lets just kill it today.
A woman is unstoppable after she realizes she deserves better.
You can never expect to succeed if you only put in work on the days you feel like it.
If it won't matter in five years, don't spend more than five minutes getting angry about it.
Friends come and go like waves of the ocean...but the true ones stick, like an octopus on your face.
We can never obtain peace in the outer world until we make peace with ourselves.
A mistake repeated more than once is a decision.
We must take adventures in order to know where we truly belong.
A strong relationship requires choosing to love each other even in those moments when you struggle to like each other.
Give the ones you love wings to fly, roots to come back, and reasons to stay.
Become more aware of whats really worth your energy.
I'm thankful for my struggle because without it I wouldn't have stumbled across my strength.
The best relationships are the ones you never saw coming.
The best thing I ever did was believe in me.
Today, I will not stress over things I can't control.
Do not let kindness and truth leave you.
Hello and than you for the follow. Have a wonderful week!
I love people who make me laugh. I honestly think its the thing I like most.
Let every situation be what it is, instead of what you think it should be.
No matter the situation, never let your emotions overpower your intelligence.
Be strong enough to let go, and wise enough to wait for what you deserve.
Take time to make your soul happy.
Love a person the way they need to be loved, not the way you want to love. It's not about you. Love is selfless, not selfish.
At some point you just have to let go of what you thought should happen and live in what is happening.
The hardest walk is walking alone, but it's also the walk that makes you the strongest.
When the past calls, let it go to voicemail. It has nothing new to say.
When was the last time you did something for the first time?
May everyday be your best day.
The greatest risk any of us will take is to be seen as we are.
Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can.
Someone out there cares for you. Know your worth.
There is always a way out on every problem. Be patient to find it.
You were born for a reason. Enjoy your life.
Improve yourself everyday.
Some people feel the rain. Others just get wet.
Sometimes you will never know the value of a moment until it becomes a memory.
Old ways don't open new doors.
There are some things you can only learn in a storm.
A river cuts through a rock, not because of its power, but because of its persistence.
The mouth should have three gatekeepers. Is it true? Is it kind? And is it necessary?
Never judge someone you just met. You will never know if you two will be the best of friends.
Let's make this life a life worth living.
We dont inherit the earth from our ancestors, we borrow it from our children.
Set a goal that makes you want to jump out of bed in the morning.
Rock bottom has built more heroes than privilege.
Kindness changes everything.
In a world where everyone is overexposed, the coolest thing you can do is maintain your mystery.
Dont judge someone just because they sin differently than you.
Girls should never be afraid to be smart.
You are amazing.
If you see something beautiful in someone, speak it.
Go the extra mile its never crowded.
Information is not knowledge.
Sometimes we are just the collateral damage in some elses war against themselves.
Respect even those you don't like.
Keep your face always toward the sunshine and shadows will fall behind you.
Choose people who choose you.
Be selective with your battles. Sometimes, peace is better than being right.
Surround yourself only with people who force you to level up.
True friendship isnt about being inseparable its about being separated and nothing changes.
Plant your own garden and decorate your own soul instead of waiting for someone to bring you flowers.
Difficult roads often lead to beautiful destinations.
The things that excite you are not random. They are connected to your purpose. Follow them.
If serving is below you, leadership is beyond you.
Do more things that make you forget to check your phone.
You cant fix yourself while holding on to the person who broke you.
The key is not to prioritize whats on your schedule, but to schedule your priorities.
Knowing when to walk away is wisdom. Being able to is courage. Walking away with your head held high is dignity.
Eternal life comes from acceptance of CHRIST as your LORD  personal SAVIOUR, and repentance of our sinful ways.
Don't spend time beating on a wall hoping to transform it into a door.
Do not let someone's irresponsibility become your responsibility.
Tell me. What is it you plan to do with your one wild and precious life? 
We didn't realize we were making memories. We just knew we were having fun.
Hard times will always reveal true friends.
Seek to be worth knowing rather than be well known.
Be thankful for your everyday life.
I feel there is nothing more artistic than loving people.
Your mistakes do not define you.
The best apology is changed behavior.
Success doesn't come from what you do occasionally. It comes from what you do consistently.
Thinking is difficult, that's why most people judge.
I love you Friday, but Saturday morning...you my boo!
Don't compare your life to others. There's no comparison between the sun and the moon. They shine when it's their time.
Do good and be nice.
How you love yourself is how you teach others to love you.
Life is about change, and growing with it. Resisting change is resisting your own growth.
I wish i wasnt working on saturday, Have a great weekend, Janell
Some of your best memories will come from some of your most foolish decisions.
Sunday is the perfect day to choose a new path in life. Don't be afraid of changes  they come when they are really needed.
We will remember every rescuer who died in honor. We will remember every family that lives in grief. We will remember. 
Those who dont believe in magic will never find it.
When the day is over, let it go.
Date someone who is a home and an adventure all at once.
I pray you quit overthinking, replaying failed scenarios, feeding selfdoubt and seeing the good in everyone but yourself. You deserve more.
Good morning, Beautiful Souls! Be kind to yourself today!
Theres a message in the way a person treats you. Just listen.
If you are helping someone and expecting something in return, you are doing business, not kindness.
Indecision and confusion begin to fall away when you know yourself.
Life starts all over again when it gets crisp in the fall.
Be a blessing to someone today. 
There is a time to let things happen and a time to make things happen.
Every time you judge someone, you reveal a part of yourself that needs healing.
You have more worth than the others are saying.
Meeting you was like hearing a song for the first time and knowing it would be my favorite.
She conquered her demons and wore her scars like wings.
I've heard it said that people come into our lives for a reason, bringing something we must learn, and we are led to those who help us most to grow if we let them, and we help them in return.
Treasure every moment.
Ten years from now, make sure you can say that you chose your life, you didnt settle for it.
You cant calm the storm...so stop trying. What you can do is calm yourself. The storm will pass.
You deserve the best. Never settle for less.
Embrace all that is you.
You were born an original. Dont die a copy.
When you give, never expect anything in return.
Be thankful for all the blessings.
Maybe Christmas doesnt come from a store. Maybe Christmas, perhaps, means a little bit more.
A man travels the world in search of what he needs and returns home to find it.
Happiness is not the absence of problems its the ability to deal with them.
Opportunities are usually disguised as hard work, so most people dont recognize them.
That "friend" who talks bad about you behind your back deserves the quotation marks. You, on the other hand, deserve better.
You make this world full of negative people be more positive. Just be like that.
Your skin never defines you. You are beautiful.
Be at war with your vices, at peace with your neighbors, and let every new year find you a better man.
You are beautiful. You deserve the praises.
To the man who only has a hammer, everything he encounters begins to look like a nail. 
A man who views the world the same at fifty as he did at twenty, has wasted thirty years of his life.
Good judgment comes from experience, and a lot of that comes from bad judgment.
Imperfection is beauty madness is genius and its better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring. 
The tragedy of life is not so much what men suffer, but rather what they miss.
It is not your job to be everything to everyone.
Challenges will make you stronger.
Sometimes the place you are used to is not the place you belong.
You never get over losing someone you love...you adjust to them no longer being in your life.
Find joy with little things.
Make every moment shine.
Find yourself while finding your happiness.
The best is yet to come.
Live, love and laugh.
There are hidden blessings in every struggle.
It is up to you to see the beauty in everyday things.
Not all storms come to disrupt your life, some come to clear your path.
If it costs you your peace, it is too expensive.
When you cant look on the bright side, I will sit with you in the dark.
The sun is a daily reminder that we too can rise again from the darkness, that we too can shine our own light.
Sometimes we create our own heartbreaks through expectation.
Let your sorrows drown.
Lovin' every piece of you.