Bad company ruins good morals.
Happiness comes when we stop complaining about the troubles we have, and offer thanks for all the troubles we dont have.
You cant fix yourself by breaking someone else.
If I have to ask for your attention, then I dont even want it.
Living in the past defeats the purpose of living today.
I dont trust words. I even question actions. But I never doubt patterns.
Guard your heart above all else, for it determines the course of your life.
I hope to arrive to my death  late, in love, and a little drunk.
You werent born to just pay bills and die.
This is your Sunday evening reminder that you can handle whatever this week throws at you.
The dream is free. The hustle is sold separately.
The best feeling in the whole world is watching things finally fall into place after watching them fall apart for so long.
Everything you do now is your future. Think about that.
If you lose someone but find yourself, you won.
Share with people who have earned the right to hear your story.
The longer we dwell on our misfortunes, the greater is their power to harm us.
A Sunday well spent brings a week of content.
Do no harm, but take no shit.
You did not wake up today to be mediocre.
The Lord will fight for you you need only be still.
There are two reasons why we dont trust people. First, we dont know them. Second, we know them.
I think one of my favorite feelings is laughing with someone and realizing halfway through how much you enjoy them and their existence.
The only way to win with a toxic person is not to play.
Dont tell me what they said about me. Tell me why they were so comfortable to say it around you.
Do what you love, and youll never have a problem with Monday.
Life is so much easier when you don't hoard your past.
When we seek to discover the best in others, we somehow bring out the best in ourselves.
Sometimes when one door closes, you need to nail a board over it.
Be obsessively grateful.
When your heart hurts, lean into love even harder.
I did that tonight and feels great
Everything you do doesn't need to be seen or heard.
Being male is a matter of birth. Being a man is a matter of age. But being a gentleman is a matter of choice.
It's better to have nobody, than to have someone who is half there, or who doesn't want to be there.
Some superheroes don't have capes. They are called "Dad."
Commitment means staying loyal to what you said you were going to do, long after the mood you said it in has left you.
Some people are gold. Some people are gold plated. Learn the difference.
You can't do epic shit with basic people.
Some days I wish I could go back in life. Not to change anything, but to feel a few things twice.
There is not a monster more dangerous than a lack of compassion.
Just as a snake sheds its skin, we must shed our past over and over again.
How we walk with the broken speaks louder than how we sit with the great.
Don't be eye candy. Be soul food.
If someone shows you their true colors, don't try to repaint them.
Love the people God gave you, because he will need them back one day.
Don't ruin a good today by thinking about a bad yesterday. Let it go.
When you realize how perfect everything is, you will tilt your head back and laugh at the sky.
Retweeted Happy Qoutes  Living in the past defeats the purpose of living today.
Mistakes happen to open the doors for learning.
It's like a part of me wants you, and another part of me knows I'm better off without you.
Always trust people who like big butts. They cannot lie.
What you tell yourself every day will either lift you up, or tear you down.
There is only one way to avoid criticism do nothing, say nothing, and be nothing.
By doing what you love, you inspire and awaken the hearts of others.
We had the right love at the wrong time.
Better days are coming. They are called Saturday and Sunday.
Hating someone makes them important. Forgiving them makes them obsolete.
So be truly glad there is wonderful joy ahead. Even though you may have to endure many trials for a little while.
Learn to accept situation at it is.
My goal is to create a life I don't need a vacation from.
Make everyday your best day.
It's never too late to follow your dreams. Start your st step now.
My favorite childhood memory is not paying bills.